Agenda for jan 29 meeting of group F1

1. To check over what we have done for assignment 1
   a. each group member can proof read each members section
   b. ask questions if anyone does not understand anything or needs help with
   c. a checkpoint on where we are at for our sections

2. Discuss the external interface requirements portion of Assignment 1 
    a. Decide exactly how to split up that portion of the requiremnts document
    b. If any other requirements are needed for that portion according to the template
        
3. Discuss the glossary for the requirements document
    a. Proposal: A standard set of terms should be defined in the document to avoid ambiguity
        i. these terms include:
            GUI
            User
            Player
            Main screen
            system
            Any others that the members find are necessary

4. Discuss the computer player portion of the project
    a. Is it an external player or does it only come into play when a human player can't move?

5. Discuss the game state action
    a. It is too vague
    b. Discuss the proposal that all system features should have a portion that updates the game state

6. Check up on what else needs to be done for Assignment 1