Agenda for meeting of Apr.02 2019

1. Provide update on what has been done so far

2. Can we finish this?
    -Georgi's still been trying to make a GUI, and this is the end for him. If
    doesn't have a partially working (i.e. connected to other bits) GUI by this
    meeting, we have to move on to a console app.
        -You're out of chances Georgi. Accept defeat. You were overconfidant.
    
3. Discuss final report
    -Someone's gotta start doing some writing for the final report, including 
    drafting up user documentation, compiling all of the changes from the 
    requirements and original design, justifying our absolute crap work, etc.
    -User Docs can be written up but will eventually need screenshots of any 
    working client we produce
    -We need to confirm how we will distribute our (working?) client
    -We need to ensure that EVERYTHING in the main code has Javadoc, because
    that is a requirement (via a link to index.html in our repo)
    -The design changes will require new Class diagrams and desciprtions of new
    classes made to shift or split responsibilities
    -Among other things...
